Take a Peek at the Content Line-Up for WDW Chicago 


Web Design World Heads to Chicago in 2008






Problems displaying this e-mail? Click here for the Web version


 

All New Content in a Great  New Location – WDW Chicago
Sign Up for WDW Chicago by March 5 and Save $300

Spaces for WDW Chicago
will not last - Register today. 
Sign up by March 5th and you’ll
save $300.

Use priority code WCPRE 

We're  busy finalizing the session lineup for Web Design World Chicago,  May 5-7, 2008 at the Westin Chicago River North. You can check back often or,  better yet, sign up for email alerts and RSS  feeds to be notified of  the latest Web Design World Chicago news.
Read on for a sneak peek of confirmed sessions that you can look forward  to at Web Design World Chicago. Then, register by the Super Early Bird deadline of March 5th and save $300.  Register online or call (800) 280-6218 to speak to a customer  service representative. Use Priority Code WCPRE.
Keynote address by Jeffrey Veen, Google - From his  pioneering days at HotWired in the early 1990s to his founding role at Adaptive  Path to his current duties as Design Manager at Google, Jeffrey Veen has been  at the forefront of the Web design scene since the beginning. Don't miss his  insights into the next generation of Web design.
Jared Spool on Enhancing Experiences with AJAX and RIAs - Among the world's top usability experts  — and most-entertaining speakers — Jared Spool delivers an all-new session  aimed at showcasing best practices in AJAX  and rich application design.

Jina Bolton  on the intersection of design and CSS - Jina Bolton is an interactive designer and artist, working as a Web  interface designer for a majorly-hip Silicon Valley  computer manufacturer. She co-authored The  Art & Science of CSS (SitePoint Books), and she joins the Web Design  World faculty for the first time in Chicago.
Nate Koechley on JavaScript libraries and more - Yahoo!'s  Nate Koechley is one of the creators of the Yahoo! User Interface Library  (YUI), a free set of JavaScript libraries for building richly interactive web applications using techniques such  as DOM scripting, DHTML and AJAX. At Web Design World Chicago, Nate will  deliver two all-new sessions on enhancing your site's interface and  functionality using JavaScript, the YUI, and more.
Joe Marini  on cross-browser compatibility, XML, and more - JavaScript and DOM guru Joe Marini mixes technical expertise and an  engaging teaching style. He'll join us in Chicago  with two all-new sessions.
Lance  Loveday on designing for ROI and searchability - Among our most popular speakers, Lance Loveday returns to the stage  with updated sessions on maximizing your return on investment — and improving  your site's search engine rankings.
PLUS: Updated sessions on blogging and social  networking from DL Byron; on user-centered design and AJAX from Steve Mulder; and the ever-popular “Deconstructing  You” session, in which our panel of experts critiques your Web s