top stock to consider right now ? investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention
lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j
breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - watch
out the stock go crazy on thursday morning 20 th of january .
current price : $ o . 10
did your portfolio have a stock move like this one !
l r c j has been moving up since january 17 th . wi | | it continue higher ?
lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home
entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market .
the company se | | s primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are
building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range .
lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its
business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy
companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an
experienced management team that has years of experience in the home
technoiogy industry .
current price : $ 0 . 10
current status
lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia
( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months
( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has
annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to double its monthiy
revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an
additiona | $ 2 . 5 miilion in revenue .
long - term strategy
the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout
strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of
$ 50 - 75 miliion by 2 oo 7 . lauraan wil | be recognized for its quaiity of
service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its solutions .
breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder
agreements
grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - -
lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home
entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that
their wholiy - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has
compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of
home and commercia | security systems , to service their residentia |
accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the soie
insta | | er for new instailations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and
wi | | be their provider of other home technology products too .
syslync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred
provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou
freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and buiider of custom homes in
the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range .
" these two agreements wil | more than doubie the homes we touch
throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , general manager of syslync ,
" and the agreements will provide syslync with 